so now I'll give you a little gag
cabbage to go there in the audience
cabbage with miccoli then from there go there from
that gentleman the asia a gentleman with i
moustache
when I see it or then also from
here I do a gag which is typically
television but that makes you a little bit of an idea
go ahead cabbage go on 2 0
a lady of that one plays comes from
monsignor to those from china the camera
this lady here is nice angola
evening then madam a poop horse there
greets caroline the mare what
greets the cavalry ministry there will be
a mini in the mare hello militello
the mare too well caught too
well made then militello cavallone e
the beautiful new companion will be the hall
nice hello
in short, Christian, but you guys are
you are really magazine see you did
the gag the strip the banner does not
they recognize crude and the hunziker is
instead militello and mare of the
charge they all recognize
us instead at the big news program
they can't say crude and the following
rookie militello music many not them
they've never seen more waves in the face
and it will be but everyone knows how to pronounce
well their name
another applause thanks we are very
glad to be here despite this
however we would like to dedicate this
prize, however, a category of people
who is experiencing a very moment
difficult especially rover that
he wanted to dedicate the players of Milan
we are happy to make the raw file that
he made a face like that
here I also did jazz and jazz
we are very able to make this dedication
before our sender is
bought from paris saint germain as
all the rest of course here
we take advantage and that is a matter of one
sleeve board well of the spirit
much like the races to be here at
The rockets' reunion, however, are the
shadows of and take home naturally
doing volentierissimo the word no one
special thanks, of course
the whole jury
however we share this award
with all the others who are in charge
of 101 with us because we are so many and
since I also believe in motivation
in short, there is a prize for the program
which gives a smile through comedy
the jokes is a nice memory in fact it is
a moment a particular thought goes
to our authors who are not
here are marco pilote andrea camerini e
who work with us like you have
of the authors
yes then the current jokes and then and then
especially not on an evening like this
and the microphone works fine thanks
the reasons the microphone will be evoked
need kids it's funny it's not easy
they won the prize
variety there are so many morning shows so many
variety and have really achieved the
maturity in their management
according to me this trio more everything
the army of authors and imitators that it is
I think some days it has become vi
there are two other four but if maybe
read the reasons that already
ready for three hours of activation
activation and difficult sector of the
radio comedy the boys of the
charge found the right formula
to start the day with a smile
combining good energy music mix
glamorous imitations and obvious harmony with
productive italy
we help him
he attacks and that's fine then when he is there
cut the defense is productive Italy e
those who work where alex is welcome
holder of the harry's cricket that's why
he will deliver the prize but it will be
sure and you were at sarah
actually so much a society's laga for
we were scolding command levers
advanced immediately microphone here is the
microphone maybe if my parts are said
free even pneumonia supplì
also vives queued riello atavistic hunger
of the real actor squares well I would say that
we can count on gold headphones
congratulations did photo photos done
congratulations to the boys
Hello